Nick: [ WHISPERS ]
SO BIZARRE IN HERE.
Katrina: SOMETHING
DOESN'T FEEL GOOD.
[ STATIC ]
HOLY [BLEEP].
NO [BLEEP] WAY,
IT'S NOT AGAINST THE WALL.
I THOUGHT I LEFT IT
AGAINST THE WALL [BLEEP].
THERE'S SOMETHING WEIRD
HAPPENING RIGHT HERE.
[ GASPS ]
YOU DIDN'T JUST TOUCH ME?
-NO.
Nick: THERE'S SOMETHING
WALKING AROUND BACK HERE.
GO. GO.
IT'S LIKE A MAN
IN A CONVERSATION.
-WHOA!
-THAT WAS A MAN'S VOICE.
OH, MY GOD.
♪♪
♪ I'VE SEEN THE WAY
THROUGH ALL THE PAIN ♪
♪ I'VE WALKED THROUGH
DARKNESS, FIRE, AND RAIN ♪
♪ THEY FILL MY GRAVE ♪
♪ BUT STILL,
MY SOUL REMAINS ♪
♪♪
♪ HERE BETWEEN
HEAVEN AND HELL ♪
♪♪
♪ MM-HMM ♪
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
Narrator: ALONG THE NORTHERN
BANKS OF THE OHIO RIVER
SITS THE ABANDONED
HIGGINSPORT SCHOOL.
BUILT IN 1880,
STUDENTS AND FACULTY
SPOKE FONDLY
OF THEIR TIME THERE
DURING ITS 100 YEARS
OF OPERATION.
BUT WHISPERS OF SPIRITS
HAVE ECHOED
SINCE THE VERY FIRST BELL.
MANY REPORT PHANTOM FOOTSTEPS
IN THE GYMNASIUM
AND SHADOW FIGURES STREAKING
THROUGH THE EMPTY HALLS,
SLAMMING DOORS,
UNEARTHLY CHILDREN'S VOICES,
AND EVEN FULL-BODY APPARITIONS
LURK ON THE SECOND FLOOR.
THE REPORTS OF HAUNTINGS
AT THE SCHOOL
GO BACK DECADES
BEFORE IT CLOSED IN 1987.
RECENT EVENTS MAY BE SPARKING
A DARKER PRESENCE.
IN THE LAST 18 MONTHS,
SIX BODIES HAVE BEEN FOUND
ON THE HIGGINSPORT
SCHOOL PROPERTY,
ALL VICTIMS OF
DRUG OVERDOSE.
♪♪
AUSTIN MAYNARD TOOK OVER
AS PROPERTY MANAGER
OF HIGGINSPORT SCHOOL
IN 2016
AS PART OF THE EFFORT
TO PRESERVE
AND RESTORE
THE HISTORIC BUILDING.
AFTER EXPERIENCING THE
GHOSTLY PRESENCE FOR HIMSELF,
HE OPENED IT TO PARANORMAL
INVESTIGATORS FOR ANSWERS.
BUT WITH THE RECENT SPIKE
IN AGGRESSIVE EXPERIENCES,
AS A LAST RESORT, HE HAS
CALLED ON NICK AND KATRINA
TO DETERMINE WHAT HAS CAUSED
THIS SURGE OF NEGATIVE HAUNTINGS
AND TO RESTORE PEACE
TO THE HISTORIC HALLWAYS
OF HIGGINSPORT SCHOOL.
♪♪
OH, WOW.
WOW.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
IT'S A WEIRD
FEELING IN HERE.
HMM. WHAT DO
YOU FEEL, NICK?
JUST LOOKS DISTURBING
IN GENERAL.
MM-HMM. YOU CAN DEFINITELY
FEEL THE MEMORIES HERE.
YEAH,
IT DEFINITELY IS STRANGE.
HI.
THANK YOU GUYS
SO MUCH FOR COMING.
-HEY. HOW YOU DOING, AUSTIN?
-I APPRECIATE IT.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
AUSTIN IS A LOCAL
PARANORMAL INVESTIGATOR
AND PROPERTY MANAGER
OF THE SCHOOL.
AND LAST YEAR HE TOOK OVER
THE OPERATIONS OF THE PROPERTY,
AND OPENED IT UP TO
PARANORMAL INVESTIGATORS.
WITHIN THE LAST
FEW MONTHS, THOUGH,
THE NATURE OF THE HAUNTING
HAS DRASTICALLY SHIFTED,
SO HE'S REACHED OUT
TO US FOR HELP.
SINCE WE'VE LET MORE AND
MORE PEOPLE COME IN HERE,
IT'S SEEMED TO HAVE GOTTEN
A LITTLE BIT DARKER.
NOT DARK AS IN
THE SENSE OF EVIL,
BUT DARK AS IN, LIKE,
THEY'RE AGITATED,
AND IT SEEMS LIKE
THEY'RE GETTING ANGRY.
SO, WHEN DID YOU NOTICE
THE ACTIVITY START TO CHANGE?
IT'S BEEN WITHIN
THE LAST COUPLE OF MONTHS.
LIKE, THEY'RE TELLING US TO
GET OUT OR CURSING AT US.
THEY'RE, YOU KNOW,
JUST IRRITATED ALL AROUND,
IT SEEMS LIKE, LIKE I SAID,
IT'S JUST GOTTEN DARKER.
DO YOU WANT TO WALK US AROUND
TO SOME OF THE SPOTS,
WHERE YOU'VE HAD
ACTIVITY HAPPEN?
-YEAH.
-OKAY.
AFTER YOU CROSS THIS THRESHOLD,
THIS STAIRCASE, RIGHT HERE,
THIS IS ACTUALLY WHERE
I SAW THE LITTLE BOY
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
WHEN OUR EYES MET,
I KIND OF, LIKE, BLINKED,
AND HE DISAPPEARED.
AND HE LOOKED LIKE A HUMAN,
OR HE LOOKED LIKE,
YOU COULD SEE
THROUGH HIM?
HE JUST LOOKED LIKE
AN 8 OR 9-YEAR-OLD BOY,
JUST STANDING THERE,
WITH A WHITE BUTTON-UP SHIRT
AND BROWN KNICKERS.
-DO YOU EVER HEAR VOICES HERE?
-ALL THE TIME.
-DISEMBODIED VOICES?
I KEEP HEARING SOMETHING,
AS YOU GUYS WERE TALKING.
I'M HEARING, THAT, BUT I
DON'T KNOW IF IT'S THE ECHO?
I FEEL WEIRD IN THIS SPACE.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT --
DO YOU FEEL,
OR HOW DO YOU FEEL?
IT'S DEFINITELY
STRANGE TO ME.
I FEEL LIKE I KEEP
HEARING THINGS,
BUT I CAN'T TELL.
SO, HAVE YOU GUYS HAD ANYTHING
BESIDES THE LITTLE BOY
HAPPEN IN THIS AREA,
THIS SPACE?
A LOT HAPPENS IN THE GYM.
CAN YOU TAKE -- IS THAT
THE GYM, RIGHT THERE?
THAT'S THE GYM,
RIGHT THERE.
-CAN YOU SHOW US?
-YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
WOW.
IN HERE IS BIG,
BIG HOTSPOT.
SO, I MEAN, ON THE STAGE,
I'VE ACTUALLY SEEN SHADOWS
RUN BETWEEN THE SPACES
IN THE CURTAINS
AND YOU'LL SEE IT,
IF YOU'RE STANDING...
PRETTY MUCH ANYWHERE,
ACTUALLY.
SO, THERE'S NO REAL
SHAPE TO IT?
NO. IT'S JUST --
YOU JUST SEE,
DARKER THAN DARK
IS THE BEST WAY TO DESCRIBE IT.
'CAUSE THIS GYM GETS REALLY,
REALLY DARK AT NIGHT.
AND SO, IF YOU'RE IN HERE,
NO FLASHLIGHTS, NOTHING,
YOU'LL NOTICE HOW
IT'S DARKER THAN DARK.
-YEAH. DEFINITELY
CREEPY IN HERE.
-YEAH.
YOU NEVER EXPECT THAT FROM,
LIKE, A GYMNASIUM, YOU KNOW?
-YEAH.
HAS ANYTHING NEGATIVE
EVER HAPPENED IN THE GYM?
I ACTUALLY TALKED TO
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT,
AND THERE'S A BASEMENT
UNDERNEATH THE STAGE HERE,
THEY ACTUALLY FOUND A GUY'S BODY
WHO HAD OVERDOSED.
-OH, WOW.
-OH, GEEZ.
IF YOU GUYS WANT TO GO,
I CAN TAKE YOU DOWN THERE.
-YEAH.
-WE'LL FOLLOW YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
SO, DOWN HERE,
YOU'LL DEFINITELY NEED
YOUR FLASHLIGHTS,
BECAUSE, UH...
IT GETS SO DARK
DOWN HERE
THAT YOU CAN'T SEE YOUR
HAND IN FRONT OF YOUR FACE
AND THEY ACTUALLY -- THE BODY
THAT THEY SAID THEY FOUND,
THEY FOUND HIM RIGHT
BACK HERE IN THIS CORNER.
-OH, RIGHT OVER HERE?
-YEAH.
HE WAS JUST LEANING
UP AGAINST THIS DOOR.
-RIGHT HERE?
-YEAH.
NOW, I DON'T KNOW IF
HE ACTUALLY DIED HERE,
OR HE WAS BROUGHT HERE
AFTER HE OVERDOSED.
THAT'S A POSSIBILITY
WE'LL HAVE TO LOOK INTO.
MM-HMM.
ALL RIGHT. YOU WANT TO
TAKE US TO THE OTHER SPOTS?
YEAH. ABSOLUTELY.
THIS WAS
THE CAFETERIA.
-OH!
-OH, WOW.
A SMALL CAFETERIA.
JUST ONE TIME,
IN THE SIX MONTHS
THAT WE'VE OWNED THIS PLACE,
OR SINCE WE'VE MANAGED IT,
THAT DOOR HAS CLOSED.
-THIS ONE?
JUST ONE TIME.
Katrina: WHAT WAS THIS,
JUST A PANTRY THEN?
Austin: YEAH. IT HELD
THE DISHES AND STUFF LIKE THAT.
-ENERGY OF THE LUNCH LADY.
-YEP.
COMING UP HERE,
THIS IS ACTUALLY
ONE OF THE MORE ACTIVE
AREAS OF THE SCHOOL.
AND THE BIGGEST PLACE
THAT YOU'RE GONNA GET EVPs
IS THE ART ROOM.
IT'S FUNNY, THOUGH, BECAUSE,
I MEAN, THIS IS AN ART ROOM.
AN ART ROOM'S SUPPOSED TO
BE, LIKE, THERAPEUTIC.
IT'S A PLACE FOR, LIKE,
CHILDREN TO BE CREATIVE
AND KIND OF, LIKE,
LET GO OF AGGRESSION, AND...
YOU KNOW,
THAT'S ONE OF THE THINGS
WE'RE HOPING YOU GUYS
CAN FIGURE OUT FOR US, IS WHY...
WHY ALL THE NEGATIVITY
AROUND SUCH A --
SUPPOSED TO BE
HAPPY PLACE, YOU KNOW?
WHERE ELSE DO YOU WANT TO
TAKE US IN THIS BUILDING?
REALLY, OUT HERE,
JUST THIS MAIN HALLWAY
IS THE, UM, THIS IS WHERE YOU'RE
GONNA GET THE MOST ACTIVITY.
YOU'LL SEE SHADOWS DARTING
FROM ROOM TO ROOM.
-MM-HMM.
-WE'VE HAD MANY,
MANY CLAIMS OF THAT.
AND ARE THEY THE SAME
THAT YOU'VE SEEN IN THE THEATER,
KIND OF BLOBBIES?
OR ARE THEY FIGURES?
I HAVE ACTUALLY
SEEN A FIGURE.
WHAT DID IT
LOOK LIKE?
LIKE A PERSON,
JUST, LIKE, ALL BLACK,
OH, REALLY?
LIKE, YE TALL.
-UP HERE?
-YEAH.
WHERE WAS IT?
GOING -- JUST WALKING
FROM ROOM TO ROOM.
WELL, THANK YOU GUYS
FOR COMING OUT.
I REALLY
APPRECIATE EVERYTHING.
-COOL.
-AWESOME.
AND BEST OF LUCK TO
YOU GUYS, ALL RIGHT?
-YEAH, THANK YOU.
-ALL RIGHT, WE'LL SEE YOU SOON.
Nick: NOW THAT WE HAVE HEARD
AUSTIN'S EXPERIENCE,
WE WANT TO FIND OUT
IF THE SCHOOL
HAS HAD PARANORMAL ACTIVITY
IN THE PAST.
MR. FERGUSON IS
THE FORMER PRINCIPAL
AND SUPERINTENDENT
AT THIS SCHOOL,
AND HE'S GONNA GIVE US
A LITTLE BIT OF INSIGHT,
WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO WORK HERE
WHEN IT WAS IN OPERATION.
WHEN I CAME HERE, THIS BUILDING
WAS IN PERFECT CONDITION.
1956. AND I'VE GOT SOME
PRETTY GOOD STORIES
OF SOME OF THE OLD
TEACHERS THAT WAS HERE.
DO YOU WANT TO
WALK US THROUGH THERE?
YOU CAN TELL US
SOME OF THE STORIES?
WE'LL RELIVE IT
WITH YOU.
ALL RIGHTY.
SO, WHAT DOES IT FEEL LIKE,
BEING BACK IN HERE
FOR THE FIRST TIME?
WELL, WE HAD
A BALL HERE.
WE HAD THE BEST SITUATION
I'D EVER BEEN IN REALLY, YEAH.
HOW WERE
THE KIDS HERE?
WERE THEY PRETTY FRIENDLY?
ALL THE KIDS WERE GOOD?
OH, YEAH. THE KIDS
WERE PRETTY GOOD.
Katrina: I'M STANDING IN
THE FRONT HALLWAY WITH JIM,
AND HE'S RELATING A STORY
ABOUT WHEN HE USED TO WORK HERE,
AND OUT OF THE CORNER OF
MY EYE, I SEE THIS SHADOW
KIND OF STEP OUT FROM
THE CENTER OF THE BUILDING
AND GO BACK IN.
AND IT LOOKED LIKE A LEG.
IF I HAD TO PUT MONEY ON IT,
I WOULD SAY IT
WAS SOMEBODY'S LEG
KIND OF JUST STEP IN,
AND THEN, STEP BACK.
I SAW SOMEONE, LIKE,
STEP THERE, AND I --
-REALLY?
-YEAH. YEAH.
AND IT LOOKED LIKE
A FOOT, ALMOST,
LIKE, KIND OF COMING IN,
AND THEN, COMING OUT.
RIGHT HERE, YOU SAW THAT?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
RIGHT HERE.
A LEG COME OUT?
IT WAS, LIKE, I SAW
IT FROM MY SIDE VIEW.
ROB, YOU DIDN'T SEE
ANYTHING FROM OVER THERE,
WHEN WE WALKED IN?
YEAH.
JIM: A FRIEND OF MINE
WAS UP HERE ONE NIGHT
WITH HER DAUGHTER, AND SHE
SAW A FIGURE DOWN HERE.
IT CROSSED INTO THAT ROOM,
OR TO THE WALL?
SHE JUST SAID IT CROSSED
WHERE SHE COULD SEE IT,
THEN, JUST DISAPPEARED.
-HUH.
THAT WAS A TEACHERS'
LOUNGE, THERE.
THAT WAS A
TEACHERS' LOUNGE.
SHE JUST SAID IT WAS HERE,
AND, ALL OF A SUDDEN, IT'S GONE.
WHAT DID SHE DO?
WELL, I THINK THEY MADE
A QUICK EXIT OUT,
Nick:
WE HEAD TO THE BASEMENT
TO HEAR ABOUT MR. FERGUSON'S
OWN PARANORMAL EXPERIENCES.
WE HAD A COUCH HERE,
WHERE WE'D SMOKE
AND COFFEE AND EVERYTHING.
AND I JUST HAPPENED
TO SIT HERE ONE DAY,
AND I GUESS I DOZED OFF.
AND I WAS SITTING THERE,
I COULD HEAR
DOORS CLOSING,
OR IT SOUNDED LIKE
PEOPLE WALKING.
I KNEW THERE WAS
NOBODY UP THERE,
BUT I SAID, "WELL, MAYBE
THE JANITOR'S STILL HERE."
BUT I WENT UP,
AND THE DOOR WAS LOCKED.
THERE WAS NOBODY HERE
BUT ME.
SO, WAS IT -- DO YOU THINK IT
WAS COMING FROM THE CLASSROOMS,
OR THE HALLWAY, OR...
IN THE HALLS,
MOSTLY THE HALL.
Nick: MR. FERGUSON LOOKS AT
THE THINGS THAT ARE FACTS,
BUT FOR HIM TO SAY
THAT THERE'S SOMETHING
INSIDE THIS SCHOOL
THAT'S HAUNTING,
THAT HAS THIS ENERGY
ABOUT IT,
I MEAN, TO ME,
THAT HAS TO SAY
THAT, MAYBE,
THAT THIS IS BIGGER.
THERE'S SOMETHING
ELSE HAPPENING HERE,
THAT WE HAVE TO
FIGURE OUT.
MY QUESTION IS, THIS DARK THING
HAS AT LEAST BEEN REPORTED
SINCE THE MIDDLE
OF THE 1900S,
SO, WHERE DID THAT COME FROM?
WHY IS IT HERE?
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S THE BIGGEST QUESTION.
NIGHT ONE'S GONNA APPROACH
REALLY FAST NOW.
SUN'S GONNA SET.
SO, LET'S GET
OUR EQUIPMENT, SET UP,
SEE WHAT WE CAN GET TONIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO.
WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT A SCHOOL,
YOU THINK OF A HAPPY PLACE,
BUT THIS IS A LOCATION,
THAT IS EXTREMELY DARK, NOW.
SO, I'M NOT TOO SURE
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE,
BUT WE'RE GONNA GET TO
THE BOTTOM OF IT.
SO, WE HAVE SIX
CAMERAS SET UP.
WE HAVE THE STAIRWAY OUT HERE,
TO CATCH THE HALLWAY.
WE HAVE TWO ANGLES ON
THE GYMNASIUM AND THE STAGE.
WE HAVE THE ART ROOM.
WE HAVE THE STAIRWELL
WHERE THE LITTLE BOY
HAS BEEN SEEN.
AND THEN, WE HAVE THE UPSTAIRS
RIGHT ABOVE HERE.
Nick: HELLO?
Katrina: ACTUALLY, I THINK
NICK'S HEARING SOMETHING.
HE RAN UPSTAIRS.
♪♪
Nick: WE SHOULD GET
THE CAMERAS.
I'M HEARING SOMEONE WALKING
RIGHT UP THERE.
I WAS LOOKING UP THERE,
I WAS SETTING THE CAMERA,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN, I HEARD
SOMEONE WALKING RIGHT AT ME.
LET'S GO.
♪♪
SO, WHERE DID YOU
HEAR IT COME FROM?
-UPSTAIRS. THE SECOND FLOOR.
-IN THE ART ROOM?
YES. IT WAS RIGHT FROM
THAT DOOR, ART ROOM,
WHERE AUSTIN
WAS TALKING ABOUT
JUST HOW IT FEELS SO NEGATIVE.
WHEN I WAS STANDING UP THERE,
I WAS CHECKING THE CAMERA.
ALL OF A SUDDEN, I HEARD
JUST FEET COMING,
WALKING AT ME,
AND I JUST GOT HIT WITH
SOME SORT OF STATIC.
THERE'S DEFINITELY
SOMETHING HERE.
♪♪
I FEEL LIKE I'M WALKING
THROUGH THIS TIME WARP.
♪♪
IS THERE A REASON WHY
YOU'RE STILL AT THIS SCHOOL?
♪♪
ARE YOU IN THE GYM?
CAN YOU --
HOLY [BLEEP]
ARE YOU IN THE GYM?
CAN YOU --
-[ GASPS ]
HOLY [BLEEP]
-SERIOUS, THAT WAS THE DOOR.
-IT WAS RIGHT IN HERE.
-WAS THAT THE GYM DOOR?
[ WHISPERS ]
THAT WAS RIGHT IN THE GYM. GO.
IT WAS RIGHT THERE.
THIS DOOR.
-THAT WAS REALLY [BLEEP].
-THAT WAS RIGHT HERE, RIGHT?
ARE YOU DOWN HERE?
DO IT.
-DID IT SOUND LIKE IT?
-IT WAS WAY LOUDER.
ARE THERE ANY OTHER DOORS,
LIKE, RIGHT HERE,
THAT COULD DO THAT?
[ BANGING ]
ACTUALLY, IT DID SOUND
A LOT LIKE THAT,
'CAUSE, LOOK, THE KNOB
IS HITTING A WOODEN --
A WOODEN BOARD --
-RIGHT.
-SO, IT MAKES THAT NOISE.
-YEP.
SO, THIS IS FERGUSON'S
OFFICE, THOUGH.
REMEMBER,
I SAW THAT THING STEP OUT?
WHOA.
WHAT WAS THAT?
YEAH. I HEARD THAT.
WHERE DID THAT COME FROM?
Nick:
WHOA, WHAT WAS THAT?
UPSTAIRS.
IT SOUNDED LIKE EITHER
A DOOR OR FOOTSTEPS --
LIKE, A SHIFT, LIKE,
SOMEBODY SHIFTED THE WOOD.
Nick: IT SOUNDED REALLY LOUD.
I THOUGHT IT WAS UPSTAIRS.
I THOUGHT SO, TOO.
♪♪
IF WE GET
CLOSER TO YOU...
SHUTTING A DOOR, SLAMMING
A DOOR, MAKING A NOISE,
YELLING SOMETHING,
SO WE CAN HEAR YOU?
YOU HEAR THAT, RIGHT?
[ WHISPERS ]
RIGHT HERE?
IT'S LIKE A MAN
IN A CONVERSATION.
THAT'S WHAT
I HEARD EARLIER.
-IT'S MUFFLED.
-THAT'S WHAT I HEARD EARLIER.
WE HAVEN'T HAD
THIS ACTIVE
OF A FIRST NIGHT
INVESTIGATION IN...
I CAN'T EVEN REMEMBER.
IT NEVER HAPPENS LIKE THIS.
IT'S DEFINITELY
DISTINCT FOOTSTEPS,
DISTINCT SLAMMING SOUNDS.
-YEAH.
Nick: WE USE
A PHONETIC APPLICATION
TO TRY TO MAKE INTELLIGENT
CONTACT IN THE ART ROOM.
[ WARBLING ]
IS THIS A SAFE
PLACE FOR YOU?
[ WARBLING ]
"I'VE BEEN LOST"?
WHAT ARE YOU LOST FROM?
FOOTSTEPS!
WHO'S IN THE HALL?
[ WARBLING ]
♪♪
-NO [BLEEP] WAY.
-WHAT? WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I THINK THAT DOOR
OPENED AGAIN.
DID YOU CLOSE IT?
I PUSHED IT ALL THE WAY
AGAINST THE WOOD PANELING.
I MADE SURE OF THAT.
MAYBE THAT'S WHAT THAT
SOUND WAS THAT WE HEARD.
YEP.
WHAT THE HELL
WAS THAT NOISE?
IT'S OPEN.
[BLEEP], MAN, THERE'S SOMETHING
WEIRD HAPPENING RIGHT HERE.
♪♪
AFTER A NIGHT OF
NEAR-CONSTANT ACTIVITY,
WE SEPARATE TO SEE IF
IT WILL INTENSIFY FURTHER
WHILE WE'RE ALONE.
KATRINA DECIDES TO SLEEP IN
THE HALLWAY ON THE FIRST FLOOR,
WHERE SHE SAW THE SHADOW FIGURE
ON OUR WALKTHROUGH.
I SET UP MY COT
ON THE SECOND FLOOR,
WHERE I HAD
A PARANORMAL EXPERIENCE
AT THE BEGINNING
OF THE NIGHT.
SO, THAT'S WHAT
I'M SEEING RIGHT NOW.
ALL YOU SEE IS
MY FLASHLIGHT RIGHT HERE.
[ SWITCH CLICKS ]
HERE'S WITH MY
FLASHLIGHT OFF.
THIS IS WITH THE I.R. TURNED
BACK ON IN NIGHT VISION.
HELLO?
THERE'S DEFINITELY,
DEFINITELY SOMETHING UP HERE.
YOU CAN HEAR IT
KIND OF WALK AROUND.
IT'S REALLY WEIRD.
I AM SLEEPING
RIGHT HERE,
IN THIS, UH,
FIVE-STAR LUXURY HALLWAY.
AND, UH...
AND THIS IS WHERE WE HAD
A LOT OF EXPERIENCES TONIGHT
WITH THE DOOR.
OTHER PEOPLE HAVE HAD A TON
OF EXPERIENCES HERE, TOO.
SO, I'M GONNA
PARK MYSELF HERE,
TRY TO GET SOME SLEEP
FOR AT LEAST AN HOUR OR TWO,
AND THEN, WAKE UP
AND DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN.
♪♪
WHAT WAS THAT?
MAN, I'M SO EXHAUSTED ALREADY,
AND IT'S ONLY DAY 2.
IT WAS REALLY
INTENSE LAST NIGHT,
SO I'M CURIOUS TO SEE
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN TODAY.
I'M GONNA WAKE UP KATRINA
AND KEEP GOING.
WHAT?
-HI.
-[ LAUGHS ]
SO, HONESTLY,
LAST NIGHT WAS CRAZY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I WENT TO TRY TO SLEEP,
AND I WAS UP THERE FOR A WHILE,
AND I JUST KEPT HEARING
SOMETHING SHUFFLING AROUND,
COMING OUT OF THAT ART ROOM.
AND IT WAS LIKE,
IT WOULD WAKE ME UP LIKE THAT.
-OH, WEIRD.
IT WAS REALLY MESSING
WITH MY HEAD LAST NIGHT.
♪♪
STILL THERE.
ISN'T THAT WEIRD?
-THAT'S TOTALLY WEIRD.
-IT HASN'T MOVED.
SHE SLEPT HERE
ALL NIGHT, ROB.
YEAH.
THE DOOR NEVER MOVED ONCE.
WOW. IT MOVED, LIKE,
THREE TIMES LAST NIGHT.
-MM-HMM.
-YEAH, EXACTLY.
BUT AT ONE POINT,
I REMEMBER THINKING
I'M LIKE, "I'M GONNA
HAVE TO GO TO NICK
AND TELL HIM
I CAN'T SLEEP HERE."
THAT'S HOW BAD IT WAS.
AND I DON'T EVER REMEMBER
BEING IN A PLACE WHERE
I HAD THOSE FEELINGS BEFORE.
DO YOU TWO WANT TO GO
INTO THE GYMNASIUM
AND SEE IF WE CAN USE
SOME OF OUR OTHER DEVICES
TO TRY TO COMMUNICATE?
YEAH. LET'S DO IT.
SO, I MEAN, WE KNOW THAT PEOPLE
OVER THE LAST FEW YEARS
HAVE BEEN HAVING PRETTY INTENSE
EXPERIENCES IN THIS SPACE.
Nick: WE'VE RUN
THE APPLICATION IN HERE,
AND SEE WHAT VOICES WE GET
TO COMMUNICATE WITH US.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
"HE DRAGGED HIM
DOWN HERE."
AND THERE'S SOMETHING
WALKING AROUND BACK HERE.
SOMETHING BACK
BEHIND THIS CURTAIN.
HELLO?
[BLEEP].
WHOLE ROOF
COLLAPSED IN RIGHT HERE.
♪♪
CAN YOU TELL ME
WHERE YOU ARE RIGHT NOW?
"WE'RE STUCK"
-"WE'RE STUCK."
Nick:
WE HEAD DOWN TO THE BASEMENT
TO SEE IF THE INTELLIGENT
CONTACT CONTINUES.
IS THERE ANYONE
DOWN HERE?
-OH. ALL RIGHT.
-"A SYRINGE."
OH.
CAN YOU TELL US WHO
PASSED AWAY RIGHT HERE?
-"ME."
THIS SPOT.
WHAT ABOUT THIS SPOT?
IT'S HARD TO SAY,
BECAUSE WE DON'T KNOW
WHO WE'RE TALKING TO.
RIGHT.
AND IF IT'S ACTUALLY GIVING US,
YOU KNOW, CREDIBLE INFORMATION
OR IS IT JUST --
OR IS IT TRYING
TO MESS WITH US?
WE'RE HAVING TANGIBLE
EVIDENCE HAPPEN UPSTAIRS
ON THE FIRST AND SECOND FLOOR,
SOMETHING IS HAPPENING THERE,
YOU KNOW, AND IS THIS
PART OF THE PUZZLE
OR IS THIS JUST SOMETHING
TO KIND OF TAKE US
AWAY FROM ALL THAT.
RIGHT.
I'M SO EXHAUSTED FROM
BEING UP ALL NIGHT,
THAT I NEED TO
TRY TO REST TODAY,
BEFORE OUR SECOND
EVENING OF INVESTIGATION.
♪♪
KATRINA DECIDES TO CHECK OUT
THE CAFETERIA ON HER OWN.
OKAY, DOING AN EVP
SESSION IN HERE,
SEE IF ANYTHING COMES THROUGH.
WHO WAS BOTHERING
NICK LAST NIGHT?
SOMEONE KEPT TRYING
TO WAKE HIM UP,
CAN YOU TELL ME WHO THAT WAS?
WHO WAS BOTHERING
NICK LAST NIGHT?
SOMEONE KEPT TRYING
TO WAKE HIM UP,
CAN YOU TELL ME WHO THAT WAS?
[ STATIC ]
SOMEONE KEPT TRYING TO
WAKE HIM UP.
SO I'M GONNA GO SHOW
NICK THESE RECORDINGS,
ESPECIALLY THE ONE WHEN
I MENTIONED HIS NAME,
IT SEEMS TO BE THE MOST
PROMINENT THAT CAME THROUGH.
I HAVE TO SHOW YOU
THESE TWO AUDIO FILES,
SO I CAME IN HERE ALONE
AND I WAS JUST SORT OF
EXPLORING,
TRYING TO SEE IS THIS
EVEN AN ACTIVE AREA,
WHERE WE SHOULD CONCENTRATE ON.
I WAS GETTING WHAT I THINK
ARE INTELLIGENT RESPONSES,
SO I WANNA SEE WHAT
YOU THINK ABOUT THEM.
YEAH.
[ SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY ]
-WHAT WAS THAT?
THAT WAS A MAN'S VOICE.
♪♪
[ SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY ]
-WHAT WAS THAT?
CAN YOU HIT PAUSE?
THAT WAS A MAN'S VOICE.
WHAT WAS THAT?
THAT WAS RIGHT IN HERE.
THAT WAS, I THOUGHT IT
CAME FROM BACK THERE,
WHAT DID YOU GUYS HEAR?
-I HEARD IT RIGHT HERE.
-YEAH.
-I HEARD IT GO WHOA, RIGHT?
-THAT'S WHAT I HEARD.
[ SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY ]
[ MOAN ]
CAN YOU DO THAT AGAIN?
I HEARD IT LIKE RIGHT IN HERE.
YEAH, OH, YEAH, IT HAD
THE ECHO QUALITY OF THIS ROOM.
♪♪
IT MATCHES EXACTLY WHAT
THEY'VE TOLD US, TOO.
-WHAT?
-ABOUT PEOPLE HEARING A MAN.
YOU WERE HEARING
THAT LAST NIGHT, TOO,
REMEMBER THE MUFFLING?
-YEAH.
WHEN I WAS IN HERE EARLIER
AND I WAS STANDING LIKE
RIGHT IN THIS AREA --
YEAH.
...I KEPT PEEKING OVER
MY SHOULDER TOWARDS THE DOOR,
BECAUSE I KEPT FEELING LIKE...
THERE WAS SOMEBODY
STANDING THERE?
BUT IT FELT MALE.
-I DID, TOO.
-DID YOU?
-YEAH.
-IT WAS LIKE A TALL MAN.
-YES, YEAH.
IT WAS PRETTY --
YEAH, ME, TOO.
THAT'S WEIRD YOU SAID THAT.
SO I THINK IT'S PERFECT TIMING
TO TRY TO USE THE GEOBOX,
SO WE CAN TRY TO GET DIRECT
RESPONSES IN REAL TIME.
YEAH.
ARE YOU IN THE HALLWAY?
CAN YOU WALK INTO THE ROOM?
[ STATIC ]
CAN YOU SPEAK
THROUGH THIS DEVICE?
[ STATIC ]
RIGHT THERE.
-YOU HEAR THAT?
-YES.
-THAT WAY.
IS IT THE STAIRWELL
OR WAS THAT THE DOOR AGAIN?
IT WAS OVER HERE.
♪♪
YOU JUST MAKE THAT SOUND?
IF YOU'RE IN THE GYM,
CAN YOU MAKE A NOISE?
-WHAT WAS THAT?
-I HEARD THAT.
THAT WAS REALLY LOUD,
IT WAS LIKE SOMETHING DRAGGED.
[ THUD ]
YOU KNOW WHAT IT
SOUNDED LIKE TO ME,
DO YOU KNOW WHEN
YOU'RE IN SCHOOL
AND YOU MOVE YOUR
DESK OR YOUR CHAIR?
YEAH.
THAT'S WHAT IT
SOUNDED LIKE TO ME.
WAS THAT YOU THAT JUST
MOVED A DESK UP HERE?
♪♪
I'M GONNA PUT THIS
ON THE GROUND.
THERE, STEP AWAY.
IF YOU ARE CLOSE TO US,
THEN WHAT IS IT YOU WANT?
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU OR DO
YOU JUST WANT US OUT OF HERE?
-WHOA.
-THERE, YEP.
-THAT WAS LIKE BOOM.
-YEP.
CAN YOU DO THAT AGAIN?
IT SOUNDS LIKE IT'S
FROM THE GYM, RIGHT?
IS THAT WHERE YOU ARE?
DO YOU WANT US TO GO TO THE GYM?
IS THAT WHERE YOU ARE? DO YOU
WANT US TO GO TO THE GYM?
OKAY.
[ STATIC ]
-THAT'S THE ONLY THING WE GOT.
-YEAH, IT WAS.
YOU GO, "DO YOU WANT US
TO GO TO THE GYM?"
AND IT REPLIES, "YES."
-SO LET'S GO TO THE GYM.
-LET'S GO TO THE GYM.
♪♪
ALL RIGHT, SO WE HAVE
OUR LIGHT SENSORS
ALL SET UP ON TOP OF THE STAGE
AND I THINK THE MOST
IMPORTANT THING HERE
IS TO TRY TO DETECT
SOMETHING MOVING AROUND,
JUST LIKE WHEN MY HAND PASSES
OVER ALL THESE SENSORS,
THE LIGHTS ILLUMINATE.
WE'RE ALSO GONNA USE
THE SAME AUDIO EXPERIMENT
THAT WE USED EARLIER
TODAY UNDER THE STAGE,
BECAUSE WE WERE GETTING SUCH
CLEAR AND ACCURATE ANSWERS,
SO WE'LL TRY IT UP HERE
AND MAYBE WE'LL HAVE
THE SAME LUCK.
DO YOU WANNA TRY
THE LIGHT SENSORS?
IT'S KIND OF LIKE A GAME.
[ WARBLING ]
DID THAT JUST SAY
LIGHT SENSOR?
I HEARD SENSOR.
I DEFINITELY HEARD SENSOR
AND IT HAD SAID
SOMETHING BEFORE IT.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT IS OVER THERE?
WE'VE BEEN CALLING IT?
CAN YOU MOVE ON TO THE STAGE?
SO WE CAN SEE YOU.
YOU'RE HERE? WHERE ARE YOU?
WHAT'S THAT SOUND?
THERE WAS A FOOTSTEP,
THEN IT LIT UP.
CAN YOU DO THAT AGAIN?
GUYS, IT'S LIGHTING UP.
♪♪
Nick: THERE WAS A FOOTSTEP,
THEN IT LIT UP.
CAN YOU DO THAT AGAIN?
GUYS, IT'S LIGHTING UP.
I SAW IT, IT WAS ON THE FAR
END BY YOUR CAMERA.
ARE YOU HERE WITH US?
CAN YOU MAKE A NOISE,
MOVE THE CURTAINS?
WE HEARD YOU TAKE A STEP.
YOU CAN PUT ON A SHOW FOR US.
WHOA,
AND A NOISE RIGHT THERE.
IT'S LIKE A DOOR
SHUT OVER THERE.
DID THAT LIGHT UP
AT THE SAME TIME?
SO FAR, WE KNOW WHAT
WE'RE DEALING WITH,
WE FEEL LIKE THERE
IS SOME RESIDUAL
GOING ON IN THE BUILDING,
THERE'S DEFINITELY
SOMETHING INTELLIGENT HERE
COMMUNICATING WITH US, SO NOW
WE'RE LEFT WITH THE TASK OF
WHY HAVE THE HAUNTINGS
SHIFTED SO DRAMATICALLY
OVER THE LAST FEW MONTHS,
INTO THIS MORE NEGATIVE ENERGY
THAT IS SCARING PEOPLE.
WE'VE BEEN CHASING
DOWN SOUNDS, VOICES,
AND I FEEL LIKE IF WE STAY
HERE JUST A LITTLE BIT LONGER,
WE MIGHT GET A GLIMPSE OF IT.
THIS NEGATIVE THING THAT
HAS BEEN INTENSIFYING
IN PARANORMAL ACTIVITY,
SO IF I GRAB MY BED RIGHT NOW,
BRING IT IN HERE,
AND I'M VULNERABLE AT THIS
POINT 'CAUSE I'M EXHAUSTED,
MAYBE WE'LL GET A GLIMPSE
OF IT.
I'M GONNA GO BACK
TO THE CAFETERIA
WHERE WE HEARD THAT
VOICE, THAT DVP.
MAYBE THAT THING WILL
COMMUNICATE EVEN MORE.
♪♪
REALLY, WE'RE COMING TO
THE END OF OUR INVESTIGATION,
AND I STILL FEEL LIKE
WE HAVE SO MANY HOLES
TO TRY TO PIECE TOGETHER.
♪♪
SO...
[ GASPS ]
PHANTOM FOOTSTEPS, DOORS
SLAMMING SHUT, LOUD SOUNDS,
THIS IS THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE
PLACE TO TRY TO REST IN.
♪♪
OH, MAN.
OH.
DAY 3, I'M EXHAUSTED.
THERE'S KATRINA.
GONNA GO WAKE HER UP,
SEE HOW SHE'S DOING.
HOW'S IT GOIN', KAT?
YOU OKAY?
-WHAT?
-HOW YOU DOIN'?
SLEEPING.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, JUST TIRED.
WELL, WELCOME TO DAY 3.
[ GROANS ]
IT'S YOUR LUCKY DAY.
LOOK AT THE FOG OUT THERE.
VERY COOL.
DAY 3, HERE WE GO.
GETTING UP, GETTING UP,
GETTING UP, GETTING UP.
AH.
♪♪
Nick: WE SET UP MOTION-ACTIVATED
LIGHT PANELS
IN THE HALLWAY
OUTSIDE THE CAFETERIA,
TO SEE IF WE CAN CATCH
THE ENTITY
WE BOTH FELT LAST NIGHT.
I THINK WE'RE GOOD TO GO.
LET'S TRY TO INDICATE
AND SEE IF THERE'S ANY FIGURES
MOVING THROUGH HERE
DURING THE DAY,
'CAUSE NIGHT'S GONNA
GET HERE QUICK --
MM-HMM.
...AND IF WE CAN TRY TO
FIGURE OUT IF IT'S HERE,
OR IN THE GYMNASIUM,
THEN WE'LL KNOW.
YEAH.
ARE YOU HERE WITH US?
[ WARBLING ]
WHO ARE WE TALKING TO?
-A MAN.
-A MAN?
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
WHERE DO YOU WANT US TO GO?
-DID THAT SAY GYM?
-IT SAID GYM.
IT SAID GYM.
-DID YOU HEAR THAT, ROB?
-YEAH.
-IT GOES, "GYM."
-GYM.
IF WE GO TO THE GYM,
WILL WE SEE YOU?
YES.
THERE IT SAID YES.
WELL, I THINK IT'S KIND OF
WEIRD THAT TWO TIMES NOW --
YEAH.
...WE KEEP GETTING VOICES
TELLING US TO GO TO THE GYM.
RIGHT?
SO I THINK THAT'S
WHERE WE FOCUS TONIGHT.
YEAH.
72 HOURS IS ALMOST UP,
SO LET'S GO.
LET'S SET UP.
♪♪
WE HAVE THE WHOLE
EXPERIMENT SET UP.
WE HAVE THE PROJECTOR
GOING ONTO THE CURTAIN
ON THE STAGE RIGHT HERE --
-MM-HMM.
...AND WE'RE GONNA BE USING
THE 3D MAPPING CAMERA,
BUT THIS TIME WE'RE
GONNA PROJECT IT
WITHIN THE ENVIRONMENT
THROUGH THE LIGHT SOURCE,
SO THAT MEANS ANY SHADOW
FIGURES, APPARITIONS,
THE 3D MAPPING CAMERA
CAN INDICATE THAT,
AND MAP THEM OUT
INTO A STICK FIGURE.
I'M HOPING TO SEE SOMETHING
REAL TIME IN OUR ENVIRONMENT.
-RIGHT. YOU READY TO GO?
-YEAH.
-YOU GONNA GO OUT FIRST?
-LET'S GET STARTED, YEAH.
-I WANNA GO UP THERE.
-ALL RIGHT.
YOU TOLD US TO COME TO THE GYM.
WE'RE RIGHT HERE.
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT
WHERE TO GO, WHAT TO DO.
I'M RIGHT HERE, ON STAGE.
I'M READY FOR YOU TO COME
ON OUT FROM THE CURTAINS.
PUSH THEM ASIDE,
WALK ON OUT HERE, PLEASE.
WHAT'S THAT NOISE?
DO YOU GUYS NOT HEAR
THAT DOWN THERE?
NO, WE HEARD IT.
WE BOTH GAVE A LOOK.
IT SOUNDED LIKE SOMETHING
COMING UP FROM THE BASEMENT.
KATRINA, YOU WANNA
TRY COMING UP HERE?
YEAH.
IF YOU'RE THE ONE WHO
KEPT SLAMMING THE DOOR
OUR FIRST NIGHT HERE,
CAN YOU MAKE THIS LIGHT UP?
Nick:
WHOA. THEY'RE GOING OFF.
SOMETHING'S HAPPENING
UP THERE, KATRINA.
-YEAH.
-KEEP GOIN', KEEP GOIN'.
ARE YOU AN ENERGY THAT PEOPLE
SHOULD BE AFRAID OF?
IF IT'S YES, MAKE IT LIGHT UP.
♪♪
-OH.
-IT'S LIGHTING UP.
WE SHOULD BE AFRAID OF YOU?
ARE YOU ANGRY, THEN?
ARE YOU JUST A NEGATIVE ENERGY,
OR JUST AN ANGRY PERSON?
MAKE IT LIGHT UP, IF YOU ARE.
-IT LIT UP.
-THAT LIT UP, RIGHT?
RIGHT THERE, YEAH.
DID SOMEBODY INVITE YOU
IN HERE?
THEY INVITED YOUR
ENERGY IN HERE SOMEHOW?
MAKE IT LIGHT UP IF THEY DID.
-WHOA.
-[BLEEP].
IT'S LIGHTING UP.
MAKE IT LIGHT UP
IF IT WAS SOMEBODY
WHO'S BEEN IN HERE
INVESTIGATING.
♪♪
YOU SEE THAT?
OKAY, MAKE IT LIGHT UP IF YOU
WANNA LEAVE THIS BUILDING.
-YEAH?
[ GASPS ]
DID YOU GUYS SEE THAT?
YES.
IT WENT...
IT'S ALMOST LIKE IT
STARTED ALL THE WAY
ON THAT SIDE AND MOVED ACROSS.
YEAH, OKAY.
WHAT?
YEAH, I DID.
ARE YOU BACK THERE?
♪♪
-WHOA, WHAT WAS THAT?
-WHAT?
I JUST SAW A SHADOW.
OH, MY GOD.
♪♪
ARE YOU BACK THERE?
-WHOA, WHAT WAS THAT?
-WHAT?
I JUST SAW A SHADOW.
BACK THERE?
RIGHT THERE, IT JUST MOVED
RIGHT OFF THE SCREEN.
I THINK WE PRETTY
MUCH GOT OUR ANSWER.
SOMETHING HERE IS COMMUNICATING
WITH US AND IT'S --
WE DEFINITELY GOT OUR ANSWER.
-WHAT IS IT?
-IT JUST HAPPENED AGAIN.
-YOU SAW IT?
-NO, NO, FEMI, YEAH.
-YOU SAW THE SHADOW MAN.
-YEAH.
SOMETHING HERE IS COMMUNICATING
WITH US AND IT'S --
WE DEFINITELY GOT AN ANSWER.
WHAT IS IT?
SOMETHING HERE IS COMMUNICATING
WITH US AND IT'S --
WE DEFINITELY GOT AN ANSWER.
WHAT IS IT?
THAT IS SO STRANGE.
IT'S LIKE IT PEEKS OUT,
AND THEN IT'S LIKE,
"OH, SHOOT, THEY SAW ME."
YEAH, RIGHT?
I MEAN, I'M, LITERALLY,
JUST SHOCKED AT
HOW CLEAR IT WAS,
AND THEY CAME OUT HERE.
SOMETHING HERE IS COMMUNICATING
WITH US AND IT'S --
WE DEFINITELY GOT OUR ANSWER.
WHAT IS IT?
LIKE IF I WAS TO GO BACK
HERE AND STAND BACK THERE,
AND I WAS ALL SILHOUETTE,
THAT'S WHAT I SAW.
LET'S GO BACK
AND CHECK IT OUT.
THERE WAS SOMETHING THAT MOVED
BACK HERE REALLY QUICKLY.
♪♪
-WHOA, WHAT WAS THAT?
-YEAH, I HEARD THAT.
WHERE'D THAT COME FROM?
ARE YOU IN THE HALLWAY?
♪♪
-WHERE'S THAT DOOR?
-RIGHT HERE.
THAT DOOR, WHAT'S IN THERE?
WHAT IS IT?
-YOU DIDN'T JUST TOUCH ME?
-NO, I WAS STANDING RIGHT HERE.
THAT DOOR, WHAT'S IN THERE?
WHAT IS IT?
YOU DIDN'T JUST TOUCH ME?
THAT DOOR, WHAT'S IN THERE?
WHAT IS IT?
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
FELT LIKE SOME, OH,
THAT WAS CREEPY.
FELT LIKE...
WHAT'D YOU FEEL?
IT FELT RIGHT HERE, RIGHT HERE,
LIKE FROM HERE TO HERE,
IT FELT LIKE SOMEONE REAL
LIGHTLY TOOK THEIR FINGER
AND RAN IT ACROSS MY BACK.
THAT ABSOLUTELY FELT LIKE
SOMEBODY JUST TOOK THEIR FINGER
AND RAN IT ACROSS MY BACK.
♪♪
NO, CONNECTING DIFFERENT.
CONNECTING'S DIFFERENT
THAN BEING TARGETED.
I ABSOLUTELY BELIEVE THERE'S
MULTIPLE THINGS GOING ON HERE.
I THINK THERE'S SOME
RESIDUAL ENERGY HAPPENING.
I THINK THERE'S
PROBABLY A COUPLE OF
INTELLIGENT SPIRITS
HAPPENING HERE,
BUT THE MOST PROMINENT ONE,
AND THE MOST VOCAL ONE,
SEEMS TO BE THIS MALE ENERGY
THAT MIGHT'VE BEEN BROUGHT
IN BY SOMEONE ELSE,
AND I BELIEVE THIS IS
THE AGGRESSIVE ENERGY
THAT AUSTIN HAS BEEN
TELLING US ABOUT.
♪♪
-HEY, AUSTIN.
HEY, GUYS. HOW'S IT GOIN'?
-GOOD.
-GREAT TO SEE YOU.
-NICE TO SEE YOU GUYS.
-YEAH, IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU.
-GOOD TO SEE YOU.
-YEAH.
WE HAD LOTS OF STUFF HAPPEN,
AND PRETTY MUCH EVERYWHERE
THROUGHOUT THE BUILDING.
BUT THERE WERE
DEFINITELY SOME HOTSPOTS.
BUT THE MAIN ROOM IS
DEFINITELY THE GYM.
OKAY.
WE WANNA TAKE YOU
OVER THERE RIGHT NOW,
'CAUSE WE HAVE SOMETHING
THAT WE WANNA SHOW YOU
THAT WE JUST
REVIEWED THIS MORNING
THAT IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.
-AWESOME.
-YOU READY?
-YOU WANNA CHECK IT OUT?
-YEAH, LET'S CHECK IT OUT.
-ALL RIGHT, COME ON.
THE THING ABOUT
THIS LOCATION IS,
IT WILL BE VERY
CALM LIKE RIGHT NOW.
MM-HMM.
PEACEFUL, CALM, QUIET.
SUDDENLY YOU'LL FEEL
ENERGY JUST COMING,
YOU'LL FEEL STATIC CHARGE,
AND YOU'LL JUST FEEL LIKE
THERE'S SOMETHING HERE,
AND THAT'S THAT
NEGATIVE PRESENCE THAT
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
WE FEEL THAT WE CAPTURED
THIS ENTITY OF THIS MAN --
YEAH.
...WHICH IS THE SHADOW MAN.
WE HAD THIS MASSIVE EXPERIMENT,
AND THIS IS WHAT I WANT
TO SHOW YOU RIGHT HERE.
OKAY.
SO HERE'S OUR 3D MAPPING CAMERA
THAT WE SET UP OVER HERE.
NOW WHERE YOU WANNA FOCUS
YOUR ATTENTION IS RIGHT HERE.
OKAY.
HERE, IT'S COMMUNICATING
WITH US AND IT'S --
WE DEFINITELY GOT OUR ANSWER.
WHAT IS IT?
IT JUST HAPPENED AGAIN.
YOU SAW IT?
THAT IS SO STRANGE.
ALMOST LIKE IT PEEKS OUT
AND THEN DARTS BACK IN.
YEP.
YOU'RE CAPTURING IT, YOU'RE
SEEING IT AT THE SAME TIME,
LIKE THAT'S MORE THAN
JUST A COINCIDENCE.
YEP.
-YEAH.
-THAT'S NUTS.
LIKE, I CAN SIT
HERE AND TELL PEOPLE, LIKE,
YOU'LL SEE SHADOWS IN HERE,
YOU'LL EXPERIENCE
ALL THIS STUFF --
RIGHT.
...BUT TO ACTUALLY COME
IN HERE AND CAPTURE IT
AND BE ABLE TO LET
EVERYBODY SEE IT,
IT'S VERY VALIDATING.
SO NICK WAS UP HERE FIRST,
HE FELT A COUPLE THINGS,
THEN WE SWITCHED,
AND I STARTED ASKING QUESTIONS
TO WHATEVER THIS THING WAS,
AND IT WAS REALLY BIZARRE,
BECAUSE OUR LIGHT
PANELS WERE ANSWERING.
SO WHAT WE KIND OF
CONCLUDED FROM THAT,
FROM THE LIGHT PANELS
INTERACTING WITH US --
MM-HMM.
...WAS THAT THIS THING
SAID IT WAS NEGATIVE,
BUT NOT DIABOLICAL.
-OKAY.
IT SAID IT WAS STUCK HERE,
IT DIDN'T WANNA BE HERE,
BUT IT WAS INVITED
IN BY SOMEBODY.
AND WHEN WE PRESSED
THAT FURTHER,
IT SAID BY --
WHAT WE CONCLUDED
WAS SOMEBODY
FROM ONE OF THE GHOST GROUPS.
DO YOU KNOW OF ANYONE
PROVOKING THE SPIRITS OR...
WE USED TO STAY
WITH THEM ALL NIGHT,
BUT WE KIND OF STEERED
AWAY FROM THAT,
SO I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THEY'VE BEEN DOING.
WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN?
WHEN YOU GUYS STOPPED
BEING HERE ALL THE TIME?
JUST A COUPLE MONTHS AGO.
IT ONLY FLIPPED
ONCE YOU STOPPED
KEEPING AN EYE ON
EVERYTHING, 100%.
YEAH.
I MEAN, YOU WERE
STILL WATCHING THINGS,
BUT YOU WEREN'T
HERE ALL THE TIME.
SO I THINK THERE'S, NOW KNOWING
THAT PIECE OF INFORMATION,
I THINK THERE'S DEFINITELY
A CORRELATION THERE.
I MEAN,
THAT'S ENTIRELY POSSIBLE.
WE MIGHT HAVE TO MONITOR MORE
WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE
ARE COMING IN HERE --
MM-HMM.
...BECAUSE WE DON'T --
LIKE I SAID AT THE BEGINNING,
I DON'T WANT IT TO
CONTINUE TO ESCALATE.
-RIGHT.
AND AS FAR AS LIKE WHERE
YOU CAN GO FROM HERE,
ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT WE DID GET
THROUGH THE LIGHT EXPERIMENT
WAS THAT IT DIDN'T
WANNA BE HERE.
OKAY.
WE ASKED,
"DO YOU WANNA BE HERE
OR DO YOU WANNA
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE?"
AND IT WOULD LIGHT UP.
-ALL RIGHT.
SO I WOULD JUST SAY KEEP AN EYE
ON WHO'S COMING IN HERE --
OKAY.
...AND, YOU KNOW, IF YOU CAN
AND IF YOU WANT TO,
TRY TO GET THIS THING
TO GO OUT THE DOOR.
YEAH.
APPRECIATE YOU GUYS COMING IN.
-AWESOME.
REALLY APPRECIATE
EVERYTHING, GUYS.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, TAKE CARE. KEEP IN
TOUCH. I'LL TALK TO YOU SOON.
ABSOLUTELY.
THIS IS THE FIRST HAUNTED
SCHOOL I'VE EVER INVESTIGATED.
AFTER 72 HOURS, I FEEL LIKE
IT'S DEFINITELY DIFFERENT
THAN ANY OTHER LOCATION
I'VE EVER INVESTIGATED,
AND THE MOST
FASCINATING PART TO ME
IS SEEING THIS SHADOW MAN
WITH MY OWN EYES.
THAT WAS UNBELIEVABLE.
SO FOREVER, I WILL NEVER
FORGET THE HIGGINSPORT SCHOOL.